# Excercise 2: Easy Wins

# Overview
  Collect information from the network and create a summary report from the collected information.

# What I have learned so far.
 Read the docs! I made a simple napalm-ansible playbook using napalm_get_facts and could not get it to work. After reading the napalm-ansible documentation I found out that my problem was easily solved by running napalm-ansible at the cli before trying to write any playbooks. I had some missing defaults in my ansible.cfg file. Following along with examples from https://github.com/ipspace/ansible-examples I wanted to add the cisco snmp string to all of my devices AND I wanted to do it from a template as some time back I had been playing around with python and jinja2 templates. I thought I could incorporate some of that work into this project. Initially, I ran Ivan's code to "deploy" a basic snmp community string. Running the uptime report using snmp worked. I then tried using my jinja2 template and my variable file as input to Ivan's deployConfig.yml file. I had some issues with passing variables to the jinja2 template and learned about debugging variables from this excercise. I was eventually able to pass the variables required by using "--extra-vars" twice in the ansible-playbook command line by passing the template in and then passing the variable file in. Example: --extra-vars "src=snmp.j2" --extra-vars "@snmp.yml". This method does not work: --extra-vars "src=snmp.j2 @snmp.yml". The playbook cannot find the variables needed. Most of the examples on the net do not show mixing "including" a file and passing a key/value pair together. 
